Document --classic. (#423)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/commands/common-options.md

Defaults to `buildtrees/` under the vcpkg root folder.

### <a name="classic"></a> `--classic`

> Forces classic mode even if a manifest is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forces [classic mode](../concepts/classic-mode.md) even if a [manifest file](../concepts/manifest-mode.md) is detected.
```
